---
layout: post
title:  "Theme Thursday - Greed"
date:   2020-02-26
categories: prompts
prompt: "[TT] Theme Thursday - Greed"
wp_url: "https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/f6wajp/tt_theme_thursday_greed/fivc6wk/"
word_count: 482
setting: Necropolis
setting_url: 2020/02/26/setting-necropolis.html
---

Richard took a deep breath of the crisp marine-like air. In his nearly 300 years working these docks, he’d never gotten fully used to it’s vinegary sulfur-like stench. It’s calm, untroubled waters were completely unlike those of the channel he’d worked as a boy. They left an uneasy feeling in the pit of his stomach. None of that mattered now. Today was the day his name in the ledger went black. His days working were done. His toll was paid.
<p>&nbsp;</p>
A man in his position was seldom heard from again. They’d take their earned coin and set sail across the river for whatever awaited them. But not Richard. Instead he entered the smoke filled bar that he’d been a regular of for so long and slid into his favorite seat.
<p>&nbsp;</p>
Today was different. Today, Richard felt luckier than he had in a long time.
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“The hell are you doing here? Don’t tell me you’re expecting some sort of goodbye party”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“No, nothing like that. I’m just here to play. Deal me in.”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“A man with your luck should know when to quit. You can’t afford to lose any more than you already have.”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
Richard dug into his pocket and slapped two tarnished coppers onto the table. The room came to a standstill. The bar's patrons drew closer to them, fixated on Richard's table.
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“I guess you could say that I feel different today.”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
Squid’s eyes widened. “Listen, I like taking a man’s money as much as anyone else, but Richard, you should take that and go. Go find your beloved Elizabeth or maybe give living another shot.”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
Richard raised his brow. “You should know when to mind your own business, Squid. We both know what copper gets you on the ferry.”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“Something most people would do anything for.” Squid interjected.
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“People who have no vision. I want better. I want more. Now are we going to do this or do I have to go talk to Patches myself?”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
Squid eyed, Richard, sighing. “No. That’s fine. So long as you know, betting passage isn’t like the other games we’ve played. It’s one hand, winner take all. You win and you’ll get your Silvers. If I win, Patches will get your coins and -”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“I know the game. I know the stakes. Deal.”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
Squid dealt the hand. The bar remained eerily quiet, everyone waiting.
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“How many cards you want?”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
Richard took two cards from his hand and placed them on the table to exchange. Squid dealt him two more, but exchanged no cards himself.
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“Last chance Richard. You can put the hand down and walk away.”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
Richard placed his hand on the table, “Full house. Three 4’s and Two Queens!”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
Squid sighed and shook his head.
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“It’s too bad Richard.”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
4 Jacks and an ace.
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“Well,” Richard grimaced and rose with a sigh. “I guess I’ll be seeing you around.”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“Patches will be in touch.”

