---
layout: post
title:  "Theme Thursday - Depth"
date:   2020-02-12
categories: prompts
prompt: "[TT] Theme Thursday - Depth"
wp_url: "https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/ezvuvl/tt_theme_thursday_depth/fhfv1f6/"
word_count: 499
---

“Murder is a tricky thing, even for us.”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
John stared into the inhuman amber eyes of the woman at the end of his bed.They should have been the first giveaway that he was in over his head even after hearing the effortless way those words left her painted lips. But he wanted to believe. After all, it’s not every day someone is visited by an angel of the Lord.
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“Excuse me what?” he asked.
<p>&nbsp;</p>
The angel gigled. “I said, you have been tasked with-”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“Hey, I ain’t lookin’ to murder anyone. That’s the first commandment. I know that.” John Interrupted. Surely an angel of the Lord would too.
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“Praying for what John? Someone to ease your mother's pain? Money for your sister’s house?” She giggled, “Someone to love you?” She paused to adjust the wreath that sat atop her dishevelled blonde hair and flashed a smile. “Rejoice John, for I bring you good news! The Lord has heard you!”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
John still was not at ease. “But, why? Why me? And why would the Lord ask me to break his own law?”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
The angel sighed, her face now flush red. “Perhaps murder was the wrong word. Think of it as ‘smiting by extension.” She paused. “You remind me so much of Abraham. He too was tested and in the end his faith was proven true.”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“I-I still-”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“John, even someone devout as you must be tested. Tested for what is to come. Prove the depth of your conviction, that you love the Lord. Do this task and your prayers will be answered.”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
The angel raised her right hand holding a snake and in one swift movement jammed her other hand down its throat. She jostled around a bit until she pulled her hand back out of it, now holding a dagger.
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“Use this dagger to do the Lords work. Become his tool and smite Paul O’Connor down. Do this in his name.”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“Paul O’Connor?” John thought for a bit. “Wait, FATHER O’CONNOR? The Lord wants me to smite my own priest?”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
The angel giggled again. “Yes. That one.”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“No. I can’t. Father O’Connor is a man of God. A good man.”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“It wouldn’t be a test if it were easy. Besides, who are you to judge him as a good man? Our Lord has-”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“No, there’s no way the Lord would ask this of me.”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“As an angel, his servent, I can attest-”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
“Can you?” John Interrupted, “What angel would deliver this kind of message with such joy? You say all of this with glee and even laugh. How do I know you’re not some demon?”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
The angel giggled again, this time with more effort, as if she was doing it on purpose. Her eyes flashed with more intensity and with a raised voice she said, “I, Eris, blessed among the divine, have been around long before you lot were even created. You WILL do as you are commanded.”
<p>&nbsp;</p>
With that she handed John the knife and vanished.


